README.md, before:

# Hi friendly visitor 👋

Thank you for visiting!

## About Me

- My name is Tom, I'm French and I live in Paris.
- I work at Datadog as a softwear engineer / developer advocate.
- My main programming languages are JavaScript/TypeScript and Python.
- I have AWS certifications (and I like to train to get them).
- I use and love Vim.

## Writing

I love learning, writing, and teaching. Below is a list of the mediums on which I publish things on:

- [My Medium account](https://tdimnet.medium.com): all my articles are free to access.
- [My Youtube channel](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCBCRQQtea2mpisqrb-yLcoQ): first videos coming soon 🙂.


### Courses I wrote in English

- [Make Your Web Content Accessible](https://openclassrooms.com/en/courses/6663451-make-your-web-content-accessible)
- [Code an Accessible Webiste in HTML and CSS](https://openclassrooms.com/en/courses/6663461-code-an-accessible-website-in-html-css)


### Courses I wrote in French

- [Preparez-vous aux tests techniques pour devenir developpeur](https://openclassrooms.com/fr/courses/6045521-preparez-vous-aux-tests-techniques-pour-devenir-developpeur)
- [Concevez un contenu web accessible](https://openclassrooms.com/fr/courses/6691346-concevez-un-contenu-web-accessible)
- [Codez un site web accessible avec HTML et CSS](https://openclassrooms.com/fr/courses/6691451-codez-un-site-web-accessible-avec-html-css)
- [Deboguez l'interface de votre site internet](https://openclassrooms.com/fr/courses/7159296-deboguez-l-interface-de-votre-site-internet)
- [Testez vos applications Front End avec JavaScript](https://openclassrooms.com/fr/courses/7159306-testez-vos-applications-front-end-avec-javascript)
- [Utilisez des design patterns en JavaScript](https://openclassrooms.com/fr/courses/7133336-utilisez-des-design-patterns-en-javascript)


## Certifications

<a href="https://www.credly.com/badges/5bd94ffc-6759-46f1-ade1-18a7e166101c/linked_in_profile"><img src="https://images.credly.com/size/680x680/images/68468004-5a85-4f3b-bc58-590773979486/AWS-CloudPractitioner-2020.png" alt="AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner" width="100"/></a><a href="https://www.credly.com/badges/f367977e-ec0a-402c-91d8-4fb38956f32a"><img src="https://images.credly.com/size/680x680/images/598f6ac6-2dbd-4394-8ae4-943b2f4c43ea/AWS-Developer-Associate-2020.png" alt="AWS Certified Developer – Associate" width="100"/></a>

<!--
![AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner](https://images.credly.com/size/680x680/images/68468004-5a85-4f3b-bc58-590773979486/AWS-CloudPractitioner-2020.png): [See certification](https://www.credly.com/badges/5bd94ffc-6759-46f1-ade1-18a7e166101c/linked_in_profile)

![AWS Certified Developer – Associate](https://images.credly.com/size/680x680/images/598f6ac6-2dbd-4394-8ae4-943b2f4c43ea/AWS-Developer-Associate-2020.png): [See certification](https://www.credly.com/badges/f367977e-ec0a-402c-91d8-4fb38956f32a)
-->

<!--
**tdimnet/tdimnet** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->

Commit message:

Removing Youtube account and adding Twitch

README.md, after:

# Hi friendly visitor 👋

Thank you for visiting!

## About Me

- My name is Tom, I'm French and I live in Paris.
- I work at Datadog as a softwear engineer / developer advocate.
- My main programming languages are JavaScript/TypeScript and Python.
- I own AWS certifications (and I like to train to get them).
- I use and love Vim.

## Writing

I love learning, writing, and teaching. Below is a list of the mediums on which I publish things on:

- [My Medium account](https://tdimnet.medium.com): all my articles are free to access.
- [My Twitch account](https://www.twitch.tv/t_dimnet): Relaxing games without speaking
  and French code streams.

### Courses I wrote in English

- [Make Your Web Content Accessible](https://openclassrooms.com/en/courses/6663451-make-your-web-content-accessible)
- [Code an Accessible Webiste in HTML and CSS](https://openclassrooms.com/en/courses/6663461-code-an-accessible-website-in-html-css)


### Courses I wrote in French

- [Preparez-vous aux tests techniques pour devenir developpeur](https://openclassrooms.com/fr/courses/6045521-preparez-vous-aux-tests-techniques-pour-devenir-developpeur)
- [Concevez un contenu web accessible](https://openclassrooms.com/fr/courses/6691346-concevez-un-contenu-web-accessible)
- [Codez un site web accessible avec HTML et CSS](https://openclassrooms.com/fr/courses/6691451-codez-un-site-web-accessible-avec-html-css)
- [Deboguez l'interface de votre site internet](https://openclassrooms.com/fr/courses/7159296-deboguez-l-interface-de-votre-site-internet)
- [Testez vos applications Front End avec JavaScript](https://openclassrooms.com/fr/courses/7159306-testez-vos-applications-front-end-avec-javascript)
- [Utilisez des design patterns en JavaScript](https://openclassrooms.com/fr/courses/7133336-utilisez-des-design-patterns-en-javascript)


## Certifications

<a href="https://www.credly.com/badges/5bd94ffc-6759-46f1-ade1-18a7e166101c/linked_in_profile"><img src="https://images.credly.com/size/680x680/images/68468004-5a85-4f3b-bc58-590773979486/AWS-CloudPractitioner-2020.png" alt="AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner" width="100"/></a><a href="https://www.credly.com/badges/f367977e-ec0a-402c-91d8-4fb38956f32a"><img src="https://images.credly.com/size/680x680/images/598f6ac6-2dbd-4394-8ae4-943b2f4c43ea/AWS-Developer-Associate-2020.png" alt="AWS Certified Developer – Associate" width="100"/></a>

<!--
![AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner](https://images.credly.com/size/680x680/images/68468004-5a85-4f3b-bc58-590773979486/AWS-CloudPractitioner-2020.png): [See certification](https://www.credly.com/badges/5bd94ffc-6759-46f1-ade1-18a7e166101c/linked_in_profile)

![AWS Certified Developer – Associate](https://images.credly.com/size/680x680/images/598f6ac6-2dbd-4394-8ae4-943b2f4c43ea/AWS-Developer-Associate-2020.png): [See certification](https://www.credly.com/badges/f367977e-ec0a-402c-91d8-4fb38956f32a)
-->

<!--
**tdimnet/tdimnet** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->
